Cacti can destroy items!
Protect baby turtles from hostile mobs!
Use seagrass to attract and breed sea turtles!
Baby turtles drop scutes when they grow!
Need diamonds? They get more common as you go deeper!
Frogs eat small magma cubes!
When wandering in the deep dark, silence is key!
The Allay loves to collect items!
You can collect tadpoles in buckets!
Ancient cities can be found under mountain ranges!
Use a water bottle on a dirt block to get mud!
Tamed wolves show their health with the position of their tail!
Sometimes iron golems give flowers to the villager children!
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it!
Wearing a pumpkin on your head will keep Endermen from attacking you!
Feeding an animal will keep it from despawning!
Attacking a wolf will cause any wolves nearby to turn hostile and attack you!
Chickens lay an egg every 5 to 10 minutes!
Cook cactus in a furnace to get green dye!
Obsidian is created when water hits a lava source block!
If the source block for water or lava is removed, it will stop the flow completely!
A single bucket of lava can be used in a furnace to smelt 100 things!
The instrument played by a note block depends on the material beneath it!
Wolves and iron golems won't attack creepers!
Obsidian can be mined with a diamond pickaxe!
Creepers are the easiest obtainable source of gunpowder!
Endermen hate bath time!
Ocelots and Cats show Creepers who's boss!
Brew some water breathing potions for underwater exploration!
There are 3587 types of tropical fish!
Compasses always point to the world spawn!
Sneak to walk safely on magma blocks!
You can gather cobwebs using shears!
Zombies turn into drowned if they sink underwater!
Husks turn into Zombies if they sink underwater!
Be nice to animals!
Don't kill dolphins!!!
Place a campfire under a beehive or nest to harvest honey!
Deepslate Emerald Ore is the rarest ore in Minecraft!
Before you mine diamonds, make sure you're using an iron pickaxe!
Pigs that are struck by lightning become zombified piglins!
Use shears to carve a pumpkin.
Sea pickles can be smelted into lime dye!
Use hay bales to breed Llamas!
Trade with villagers to obtain food, tools, and even explorer maps!
Leads can be used on boats!
You can smelt 20 items in a furnace by using a block of dried kelp as fuel!
You can barter with piglins!
Respawning in the Nether requires a charged respawn anchor!
You can charge a respawn anchor with glowstone!
You can breed hoglins with crimson fungus!
Gold is most common in the Nether and in the badlands biome!
Hit those fireballs back at the Ghast to obtain a music disc!
Cobblestone is resistant to Ghast fireballs!
Traveling one block in the Nether is equal to traveling eight blocks in the Overworld!
Use phantom membranes to repair your elytra!
Creepers that are killed by skeletons drops a random music disc!
Using firework rockets boosts elytra speed in mid air!
Riptide enchantment will propel you through the air in the rain!
Nether stars can't be destroyed by explosions!
There will be an update to this game eventually!
Creepers were born from a coding bug!
The Enderman language is actually English in reverse!
The original name for Minecraft was Cave Game!
Spiders won't attack you during the day!
Some famous people play Minecraft!
Don't look an Enderman in the eye!
Sheep and Cows will follow you if you hold wheat!
Minecon 2011 was in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA!
Minecon 2012 was in Paris, France!
Minecon 2013 was in Orlando, Florida, USA!
No-one can remember where Minecon 2014 was held!
Minecon 2015 was in London, UK!
Minecon 2016 was in Anaheim, California, USA!
The first version of Minecraft was created in just 6 days!
Minecraft Live is a live-streaming event that takes place twice a year!
Light up dark areas to keep monsters away!
Digging straight down or straight up is not a great idea!
Eat only cooked food!
In Hardcore mode, watch out for Creepers!
There are still many bugs in Minecraft!
Water is the weakness of the Enderman!
There’s a 1% chance for a Skeleton to spawn riding a Spider!
Play the new snapshot to discover what’s new in Minecraft!
You can find lots of emeralds in high mountains!
Make sure to sleep regularly to avoid Phantoms!
Zombies can’t drown in water!
Is anyone even reading this?
Don’t leave trees floating in the air!
Allay loves music and interacts with note blocks!
Don’t mess with the Warden!
You can dye signs and make them glow!
There’s a 1 in 256 chance to get 4 chicks from one egg!
Throw snowballs at Blazes to defeat them!
Blow up beds at Y=15 in the Nether to find Netherite!
Camels eat cacti!
Pandas also love cake!
Cats scare away Creepers and Phantoms!
If lightning strikes a red mushroom, it turns into a brown mushroom!
Wolves are afraid of llamas!
Use a spyglass to watch a parrot!
Parrots love to dance!
Don’t feed parrots cookies!
The Warden can kill the Wither, and vice versa!
If lightning strikes a Villager, it turns into a Witch!
You can ride a pig!
Polar bears protect their cubs!
Polar bears attack foxes!
Foxes attack chickens and rabbits!
You can cook food on a campfire!
Ghasts and Happy Ghasts can enter Minecarts!
Dolphins also need to breathe air sometimes!
Axolotls play dead!
Axolotls attack tadpoles!
A bucket of milk is useful!
Place 70 Shulkers and no monsters will spawn!
Baby slimes are so cute!
Don’t eat pufferfish!
Blue fire deals more damage than regular fire!
Two players can ride a camel!
Don’t dig straight down!!!
You can make planks from bamboo!
Sniffers find rare seeds in the ground!
Trim your armor at a smithing table!
Brush suspicious sand or gravel to uncover ancient sherds!
Camels go over fences and walls!
You can kill the Warden in one hit with a Mace!
You can kill the Wither in one hit with a Mace!
You can kill the Ender Dragon in one hit with a Mace!
You can dye wolf armor!
Put armor on your wolves!
Brush scutes off an Armadillo!
Spiders and cave spiders are afraid of Armadillos!
The vaults in the trial chambers are really valuable!
Trade with a Cartographer to get a map leading to the trial chambers!
Trade with a Cartographer to get a map leading to the Woodland Mansion!
Trade with a Cartographer to get a map leading to the Ocean Monument!
Bogged spawn in swamps!
Use wind charges to launch high into the air!
Craft with the Crafter another Crafter!
Break the pots in the trial chambers to get loot!
Don’t drink an Ominous Bottle!
You can find crazy loot in the ancient cities!
The loot in the Ominous Vaults is the best!!
Did you know a TNT that goes through a portal can’t destroy it?
You can throw an Ender Pearl through a portal and teleport to the other side!
You can jump over a fence if you place a carpet on it!
You can break an Enchanting Table using your hand!
Wearing a carved pumpkin on your head hides you on the map!
Ender Pearls loads new chunks!
You can craft a bundle using leather and string only!
You can speed up the minecart using commands!
There are baby dolphins in Minecraft!
There are baby squids in Minecraft!
There are baby glow squids in Minecraft!
Salmon come in different sizes in Minecraft!
If you launch a wind charge at the ground, it will send you 5 blocks up in the air!
Don't take your eyes off a Creaking that's following you!
Don't wear a carved pumpkin on your head near a Creaking!
Wear a carved pumpkin on your head so you can safely look at Endermen!
Armadillos drop a scute every 5–10 minutes!
The Minecraft movie came out in April 2025, have you seen it yet?
Did you know there's another Minecraft movie coming on July 23rd, 2027?
Illagers are afraid of Creakings!
You can crouch when falling on a slime block, and it won't deal any damage!
Dripstone can't turn mud into clay in the Nether!
Phantoms attack players who haven't slept for three consecutive nights!
There are fallen leaves in Minecraft!
There are new types of pigs, cows, and chickens in Minecraft!
There are fallen trees in Minecraft!
Are there fireflies in Minecraft?
Camels spawn in the desert!
Bundles can be found in village chests!
Craft a lodestone with an iron ingot!
Lodestone can be found in chests of ruined portals!
You can ride a Happy Ghast!!
You can tie one animal to another!
Use shears to free an animal tied to a fence!
Use shears to free both llamas from the wandering trader!
You can craft 2 leads with only 5 strings!!
You can trade with a Piglin to get a dried ghast!
You can find a cloud shaped like a Creeper in the sky!
You can craft a saddle in Minecraft!!
Chicken jockeys can be really dangerous!
Killing a chicken jockey will drop a music disc!
Craft a Copper Golem to organize your chests!
You can craft copper tools and armor!
Zombies can spawn wearing copper tools and armor!
You can place items inside shelves!
You can swap an entire hotbar at once from 3 powered shelves!
Iron Golems can place a red flower on Copper Golems!
Feed a Nautilus or Zombie Nautilus a Pufferfish to tame it!
Riding a Nautilus or Zombie Nautilus doesn't drain your oxygen bubbles!!
Nautiluses have a 5% chance to drop a Nautilus Shell!
Nautiluses and Zombie Nautiluses sometimes attack Pufferfish!
You can put armor on a Nautilus or Zombie Nautilus!
Don’t attack Nautiluses or Zombie Nautiluses!!!
A Zombie Nautilus ridden by a Drowned becomes instantly hostile to the player!
In a Charge Attack, the spear deals more damage the faster you move!
Spear-wielding mobs only use Charge Attacks!
You can Lunge a long distance using the spear!
Technically, you can kill the Warden in 3 hits with a Netherite Spear!!
Horses and Camels can swim while ridden!!
Equip your horse with Netherite Horse Armor!!
You can ride a Zombie Horse!!
Equipping armor on a Zombie Horse prevents it from burning in daylight!
A Camel-Husk spawns with Parched and a Husk riding it!
A Zombie Nautilus that spawns in a coral reef has a unique texture!
Version 26.1 is coming next!
The Mounts of Mayhem Drop has arrived!